chore: add kuttl test for namespace exclusion (#6914)
kyverno/kyverno: test/conformance/kuttl/validate/clusterpolicy/standard/exclude/exclude-namespace/README.md

## Description

> This test creates a policy to validate all resources have a `foo: bar` label, excluding the `default` namespace.

Reviewer: It'd be nice if you added more to this description that this test is specifically about matching on a wildcard but excluding a whole Namespace. The net result should be any Namespaced resource in the excluded Namespace should not be processed.

Author: I feel so bad at writing those READMEs correctly 🤣

Reviewer: You just don't spend enough time is all...

> This test creates a policy to validate all resources have a `foo: bar` label, excluding the `default` namespace.

Author: ```suggestion
This test creates a policy to validate all resources have a `foo: bar` label.
The policy matches on a wildcard but excludes a whole Namespace.
The net result should be any Namespaced resource in the excluded Namespace should not be processed.
```

Author: @chipzoller is the change suggested above ok ?

Reviewer: Yes, looks better.
